Star, are we a little too fast?
Don't be together for a while
Why do you want to only fall in love and not get married?
Be a hooligan
No no
It's Song Yang
I know what you're worried about
Although the economic gap between our two countries is huge now
But don't worry.
I definitely didn't look down on you for that.
My dad started from scratch like this
The achievement of this family business in history
After all this time together
I believe you are a very capable person.
No worse than anyone
Remember
Me, and don't worry.
Even if we have children of our own in the future
I will also take the little fish
Treat it like a biological daughter
The son has a life-saving grace for the father of the little girl
The little girl has no reward
Only promise
Please smack your face
That son is
Song Yang, your daughter is in my hands now.
If you want to save your daughter
Take 1 billion to the transaction factory
Remember to come alone
If there is one more person, your daughter will die
Hahaha let me go
My dad won't help me with you.
Hahaha, if your father dares to come
I killed you in front of him
And then let him die, okay?
Hahaha laser sword
I don't want to continue targeting you
But you passed